Update docs on how to test local EUI in Kibana (#2144)
elastic/eui: wiki/component-development.md

### Testing the component with Kibana

Note that `yarn link` currently does not work with Kibana. You'll need to manually pack and insert it into Kibana to test locally.

1. In the `eui` folder, run `npm pack`. This will create a `.tgz` file in your EUI directory. At this point you can move it anywhere.
2. In Kibana you have two choices:

>     * Point your `package.json` files in Kibana to that file. `"@elastic/eui": "/path/to/elastic-eui-xx.x.x.tgz"` and run `yarn kbn bootstrap`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Point your `package.json` files in Kibana to that file: `"@elastic/eui": "/path/to/elastic-eui-xx.x.x.tgz"` and run `yarn kbn bootstrap`.
```

>     * Alternatively (and often easier), you can just unpack the `.tgz` file and paste its contents into an empty `/kibana/node_modules/@elastic/eui` folder. You should do this _after_ you've run `yarn kbn bootstrap`. This method avoids having to edit all the various `package.json` files in Kibana if you need to run functional tests.

Reviewer: I would reverse these directions so it's easier to read the order. Something like:
```suggestion
    * Alternatively (and often easier), you can run `yarn kbn bootstrap` in Kibana first, then just unpack the `.tgz` file and paste its contents into an empty `/kibana/node_modules/@elastic/eui` folder. This method avoids having to edit all the various `package.json` files in Kibana if you need to run functional tests.
```

> If you feel like you're getting the old version, it's often helpful to launch Kibana with `FORCE_DLL_CREATION=true node scripts/kibana --dev` to make sure it doesn't reuse a cached version of EUI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you feel like you're getting the old version, it's often helpful to launch Kibana with `FORCE_DLL_CREATION=true node scripts/kibana --dev` to make sure it doesn't reuse a cached version of EUI.
```

Author: Updated to be required.
